This is a proposal guide for new tool: YouTube downloader (Tab name: YTDLP)

Purpose: Very fast YT-DLP workflow to download videos in seconds.
Workflow: 
User opens YTDLP tab, it shows a center text saying, paste a URL here to download it, above it is a textbox where the user can paste the url.
App should focus the textbox once the tab is activated, so the user wont need to click the textbox to paste the text in it. Map ctrl+v if in YTDLP tab to paste into the url box automatically.
Once a url is pasted, show a continue button. If CTRL+V was used to paste, instead skip to the next step immediately.
Next step is, show centralized: two buttons: Audio and Video, side by side, big buttons with icon on top, and above these two buttons, white title text saying: "Download as:" (horiz centered) and under this title should show the pasted video url in small grey text, horiz centered (video url only, no prefixes or suffixes)
Once the user clicks audio or video, automatically start the download process. The download should be saved to the user configured download folder (which should be a setting in the settings dialog).
A progress bar should be shown while the video is being downloaded, with estimates of download progress, like time remaining estimated, time elapsed, download speed, downloaded percent, downloaded MB/total mb.
After it has been downloaded, show a dialog "success" and use a timer to close it automatically after 5 seconds (show timer status by prefixing dialog title, like <dialog title> (<N>s))

Settings for YTDLP tool (inside settings dialog > YTDLP tab):
Settings for this tab should be added as a tab with the same title to the settings dialog.
The settings tab for YTDLP should contain fields such as download directory, audio saving format (mp3, wav, etc). audio saving quality, embed metadata in audio, embed thumbnail in audio, crop thumbnail to 1:1 aspect ratio, video saving format, video quality, etc. 

In case yt-dlp is not available, offer to download it for the user, and store it in the application data folder. Use this url to download yt-dlp https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/releases/latest/download/yt-dlp.exe. Show a nice progress bar dialog with time remaining and download percent estimates while yt-dlp is being downloaded, and extract this dialog to a shared component so it can be used in the future.